---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "thunder_system_dns_stats Data Source - terraform-provider-thunder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  thunder_system_dns_stats: Statistics for the object dns
  PLACEHOLDER
---

# thunder_system_dns_stats (Data Source)

`thunder_system_dns_stats`: Statistics for the object dns

__PLACEHOLDER__



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `stats` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stats))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stats`

Optional:

- `filter_class_drop` (Number) Total Query Class Drop
- `filter_type_any_drop` (Number) Total Query ANY Type Drop
- `filter_type_drop` (Number) Total Query Type Drop
- `invalid_q_len_to_udp` (Number) invalid query length to conver to UDP
- `nat_no_resource` (Number) (NAT) No. of resource failures
- `nat_no_resp` (Number) (NAT) No. of resource failures
- `nat_req` (Number) (NAT) No. of requests
- `nat_req_rexmit` (Number) (NAT) No. of request retransmits
- `nat_resp` (Number) (NAT) No. of responses
- `nat_resp_no_match` (Number) (NAT) No. of requests with no response
- `nat_slb_drop` (Number) (NAT)DNS requests drop
- `nat_xid_reused` (Number) (NAT) No. of requests reusing a transaction id
- `rpz_action_drop` (Number) RPZ Action Drop
- `rpz_action_local_data` (Number) RPZ Action Local Data
- `rpz_action_nodata` (Number) RPZ Action NODATA
- `rpz_action_nxdomain` (Number) RPZ Action NXDOMAIN
- `rpz_action_pass_thru` (Number) RPZ Action Pass Through
- `rpz_action_tcp_only` (Number) RPZ Action TCP Only
- `slb_dns_client_ssl_succ` (Number) No. of client ssl success
- `slb_dns_edns_ecs_inserted` (Number) Number of ecs inserted
- `slb_dns_edns_ecs_received` (Number) Number of ecs from client received
- `slb_dns_edns_subnet_to_server_removed` (Number)
- `slb_dns_padding_to_client_added` (Number)
- `slb_dns_padding_to_server_removed` (Number)
- `slb_dns_server_ssl_succ` (Number) No. of server ssl success
- `slb_dns_udp_conn` (Number) No. of backend udp connections
- `slb_dns_udp_conn_succ` (Number) No. of backend udp conn established
- `slb_dns_udp_retransmit` (Number)
- `slb_dns_udp_retransmit_fail` (Number)
- `slb_drop` (Number) DNS requests drop
- `slb_no_resource` (Number) No. of resource failures
- `slb_no_resp` (Number) No. of requests with no response
- `slb_req` (Number) No. of requests
- `slb_req_rexmit` (Number) No. of requests retransmit
- `slb_resp` (Number) No. of responses
- `slb_resp_no_match` (Number) No. of requests and responses with no match


