---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "thunder_pki_acme_cert Resource - terraform-provider-thunder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  thunder_pki_acme_cert: ACME Certificate enrollment object
  PLACEHOLDER
---

# thunder_pki_acme_cert (Resource)

`thunder_pki_acme_cert`: ACME Certificate enrollment object

__PLACEHOLDER__



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Specify Certificate name to be enrolled

### Optional

- `cert_type` (Number) Specify the type of certificate
- `domain` (String) Main domain you want to issue the cert for. CA will verify whether you control this domain
- `eab_hmac_key` (Number) The HMAC key for ACME External Account Binding
- `eab_key_id` (String) The key identifier for ACME External Account Binding
- `ec_key_length` (String) '256': Key size 256 bits; '384': Key size 384 bits(default);
- `ecdsa_type` (Number) ECDSA certificate
- `email` (String) A valid email address for your ACME account. CA uses this email to send you expiration or other notices
- `enroll` (Number) Initiates enrollment with CA. Due to CA rate limit, A10 strongly recommend you set "run-with-staging-server" during test
- `force` (Number) Ignore the next renewal time and force to renew cert
- `log_level` (Number) Level for logging output of ACME commands(default 1 and detailed 2, including debug messages)
- `minute` (Number) Periodic interval in minutes
- `renew_before` (Number) Specify interval before certificate expiry to renew the certificate
- `renew_before_type` (String) 'hour': Number of hours before cert expiry; 'day': Number of days before cert expiry; 'week': Number of weeks before cert expiry; 'month': Number of months before cert expiry(1 month=30 days);
- `renew_before_value` (Number) Value of renewal period
- `renew_every` (Number) Specify periodic interval in which to renew the certificate
- `renew_every_type` (String) 'hour': Periodic interval in hours; 'day': Periodic interval in days; 'week': Periodic interval in weeks; 'month': Periodic interval in months(1 month=30 days);
- `renew_every_value` (Number) Value of renewal period
- `rsa_key_length` (String) '2048': Key size 2048 bits(default); '3072': Key size 3072 bits; '4096': Key size 4096 bits; '8192': Key size 8192 bits;
- `rsa_type` (Number) RSA certificate (default)
- `san_domain` (String) Subject-alternate-name dns(s) for your cert, sperated by /
- `secret_string` (String) The HMAC key for ACME External Account Binding
- `staging` (Number) Run ACME operation with staging server. Due to CA rate limit, A10 strongly recommends you set this during test
- `staging_url` (String) ACME staging directory URL. By default, use Let's encrypt as CA server
- `url` (String) ACME directory URL. By default, use Let's encrypt as CA server
- `user_tag` (String) Customized tag
- `uuid` (String) uuid of the object
- `vrid` (Number) Specify ha VRRP-A vrid. It is used to sync http-01 challenge token

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


