---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "thunder_slb_dns Resource - terraform-provider-thunder"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  thunder_slb_dns: DNS Packet Statistics
  PLACEHOLDER
---

# thunder_slb_dns (Resource)

`thunder_slb_dns`: DNS Packet Statistics

__PLACEHOLDER__

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "thunder" {
  address  = var.dut9049
  username = var.username
  password = var.password
}
resource "thunder_slb_dns" "test_thunder_slb_dns" {
  sampling_enable {
    counters1 = "all"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `sampling_enable` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sampling_enable))
- `uuid` (String) uuid of the object

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--sampling_enable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sampling_enable`

Optional:

- `counters1` (String) 'all': all; 'slb_req': No. of requests; 'slb_resp': No. of responses; 'slb_no_resp': No. of requests with no response; 'slb_req_rexmit': No. of requests retransmit; 'slb_resp_no_match': No. of requests and responses with no match; 'slb_no_resource': No. of resource failures; 'nat_req': (NAT) No. of requests; 'nat_resp': (NAT) No. of responses; 'nat_no_resp': (NAT) No. of resource failures; 'nat_req_rexmit': (NAT) No. of request retransmits; 'nat_resp_no_match': (NAT) No. of requests with no response; 'nat_no_resource': (NAT) No. of resource failures; 'nat_xid_reused': (NAT) No. of requests reusing a transaction id; 'filter_type_drop': Total Query Type Drop; 'filter_class_drop': Total Query Class Drop; 'filter_type_any_drop': Total Query ANY Type Drop; 'slb_dns_client_ssl_succ': No. of client ssl success; 'slb_dns_server_ssl_succ': No. of server ssl success; 'slb_dns_udp_conn': No. of backend udp connections; 'slb_dns_udp_conn_succ': No. of backend udp conn established; 'slb_dns_padding_to_server_removed': slb_dns_padding_to_server_removed; 'slb_dns_padding_to_client_added': slb_dns_padding_to_client_added; 'slb_dns_edns_subnet_to_server_removed': slb_dns_edns_subnet_to_server_removed; 'slb_dns_udp_retransmit': slb_dns_udp_retransmit; 'slb_dns_udp_retransmit_fail': slb_dns_udp_retransmit_fail; 'rpz_action_drop': RPZ Action Drop; 'rpz_action_pass_thru': RPZ Action Pass Through; 'rpz_action_tcp_only': RPZ Action TCP Only; 'rpz_action_nxdomain': RPZ Action NXDOMAIN; 'rpz_action_nodata': RPZ Action NODATA; 'rpz_action_local_data': RPZ Action Local Data; 'slb_drop': DNS requests drop; 'nat_slb_drop': (NAT)DNS requests drop; 'invalid_q_len_to_udp': invalid query length to conver to UDP; 'slb_dns_edns_ecs_received': Number of ecs from client received; 'slb_dns_edns_ecs_inserted': Number of ecs inserted;


